# Generalities
## Intro
The OuFNis is an interface aimed at collecting and making easy to use the different tools used in FN development. While the present interface is aimed at the DFDIG project, and that some tools are already included, it has been design with modularity in mind in order to be able to be extended on different project and with more tools.

At the core of the tool interface, there is several key components:

* A Process manager, that can keep track of the tools running. Some tools are just a simple action, while some are meant to run in the background.
* A Process, which offers different functionalities to execute commands localy and remotely
* A Web engine, that generate the html page of the interface.

While the detail are not important for the user, it is important to understand that some tools can run in the background. As such, it is also possible to kill them by using the "Running Tools" menu.

The following section describe the tools implemented

## Setup
TODO

## Add config files
Some tools works with input file such as firmwares, etc. To add a new file, the user simply needs to add them at those location:

* **FPGA firmwares**: /binaries/firmwares/fpga
* **MCU firmwares**: /binaries/firmwares/mcu
* **TACT scripts**: /binaries/tools/t_act

# Functions
## Low level tools
The following tools are present:

* **Debug package**: Those are full debug environment and are tools that have their own web interface.
    * **Industrial Test Bench**: This is the code use in the production test bench. To work, this code needs to have an FPGA flashed with the industrial code, and the micro controllers flashed also with the industrial code. Finally, some available space must be present on the Q7 as a tool will be uploaded in ***/home/root***. 
Once launched, the tools will run in the background and can be used. 
Once finished, youn can kill the process, and need to manually remove the files present on the Q7, if necessary.
    * **MCU Tools**: This is a collection of tools that implement the DFDIG 1011 ICD. The tools are meant to be used on a production station with a bootloader and normal application on the micro Controllers. All files generated by this tools are removed automatically after reboot.
* **LRU Tools**: Those are simple tools that are meant to be used to control LRUs of the stations.
    * **FNAct motor control**: interface on the t_act program, that can send and launch scripts on the station. The output of the program is in the "Running tools" menu.
    * **MPRA recock control**: execute the basic command to arm and rearm without dfnet
    * **Zeroting**: Set the zero on the motors of the station.

## Programmation
This section make it possible to flash new firmwares or the send new software package. In addition, some tools are present to configure the software:

* **STANAG**: set a new stanag ID
* **DATABASE**: reset the config.db and system.db

## Status
Display some status of the station
